feat: allow to disable publishing (#313)
felipecrs/semantic-release-vsce: README.md

| Option        | Type                  | Description                                                                                                                        |
| ------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `packageVsix` | `boolean` or `string` | If set to `true`, the plugin will generate a `.vsix` file. If is a string, it will be used as value for `--out` of `vsce package`. |

> | `publish`     | `boolean`             | The plugin will publish the package unless this option is set to `false`, in which case il will only package the extension.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `publish`     | `boolean`             | The plugin will publish the package unless this option is set to `false`, in which case it will only package the extension `vsix`.        |
```
